Oh, dad is right.
Sister, I know you want to help the Jiang family
So I gave him the money to do errands
I just didn't expect him to be so cruel
Xiao Can was indeed hurt too deeply by us
You mean we're sorry for your brother?
I said big sister
Please figure it out
Our whole family welcomed him back five years ago
He stole it himself
I didn't kick them out to exercise
And he didn't change.
This kind of person doesn't deserve sympathy at all
That's right, he is no longer from our Jiangjiang
You also send him money
It has made it difficult for our men in Jiangjiang to pass
If you still can't keep that rebel
You can also leave the Jiang family
Dad, I didn't mean that
It's just that Huatan Group is now closed and missing
Our Jiang family is about to lose it
Only Xiao Dan himself will explain
Is it possible for us to turn around?
Don't worry about this.
I have already found out
Huacan Group is going to hold a dinner party with the super rich brother
Then we will take the descendants there
Explain things together
We don't need that rebel.
You can also get back the cooperation of Huacan Group.
That's really great.
Uh hey hey don't move don't move